[expo] add autoResize to dom components (#31103)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/dom-components.mdx

> To pass props to the underlying native **WebView**, add a `dom` object to the component:

Reviewer: Let's remove this line since it referenced the example code block  belowwhich has already been removed.

> Now you can pass [`WebView` props](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/docs/Reference.md) to the DOM component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass [`WebView` props](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/docs/Reference.md) to the DOM component by wrapping the component with `withDOMProps` when using it on the native side.
```

In context to the above changes, we need to rephrase this sentence.

```tsx App.tsx (native)
import { withDOMProps } from 'expo/dom';

> import MyComponent from './my-component';
> 
> const MyComponentWithDOMProps = withDOMProps(MyComponent);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import DOMComponent from './my-component';

const MyComponentWithDOMProps = withDOMProps(DOMComponent);
```

`MyComponent` should be `DOMComponent` here since that is exported from the code block below.

## Measuring DOM components

You may want to measure the size of a DOM component and report it back to the native side (for example, native scrolling). This can be done using a `autoSize` prop or a manual native action:

### Automatically with `autoSize` prop

You need to use the `dom={{ autoSize: true }}` prop to measure the size of the DOM component automatically and resize the native view coresponsingly:

```tsx App.tsx (native)

> import MyComponent from './my-component';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import DOMComponent from './my-component';
```

Let's update this line here. From the code snippet below ("web"),  in `my-component` file, the name of the component exported is `DOMComponent`.

## Measuring DOM components

> You may want to measure the size of a DOM component and report it back to the native side (for example, native scrolling). This can be done using a `withDOMAutoSize` HOC or a manual native action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to measure the size of a DOM component and report it back to the native side (for example, native scrolling). This can be done using a `withDOMAutoSize` higher-order component (HOC) or a manual native action:
```

> ### The `withDOMAutoSize` HOC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With `withDOMAutoSize` HOC
```

> You can use the `withDOMAutoSize` HOC to automatically measure the size of a DOM component and resize the native view coresponsingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to wrap your DOM component with `withDOMAutoSize` HOC to measure the size of the DOM component automatically and resize the native view:
```

```tsx App.tsx (native)
import { withDOMAutoSize } from 'expo/dom';

> import MyComponent from './my-component';
> 
> const MyComponentAutoSize = withDOMAutoSize(MyComponent);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import DOMComponent from './my-component';

const MyComponentAutoSize = withDOMAutoSize(DOMComponent);
```

export default function Route() {
  return <MyComponentAutoSize />;
}
```

```tsx my-component.tsx (web)
'use dom';

export default function DOMComponent() {
  return <div style={{ width: 500, height: 500, backgroundColor: 'blue' }} />;
}
```

> ### Resizing native action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually resizing native action
```
